# Tip 2310C: Checks to do on final chipIgnite submission

These are just notes for myself: Checks I need to remember to do to be sure my chipIgnite submission is good to go...

*   Which version of OpenLane should I be using?
*   Look for antenna violations: `(VIOLATED)`
*   Check setup/hold margins
*   Regular simulation
*   Caravel firmware
*   GL simulation
*   Account for every input, output, and oeb
*   Implement `la_oenb` check: i.e. if the design senses an `la_oenb==1` on something, that implies the design is meant to provide the output back to VexRisc. However, we expect all of them to be inputs into our design, so `la_oenb==1` would mean misconfiguration, so our respective inputs would be floating and potentially chaotic... we could instead detect this case and just mux the respective LA to be 0.
    *   NOTE: This might not be necessary. From looking at tests where LA lines are set to be inputs (into VexRisc), it appears `la_data_in` switches to 0 anyway.
*   Pay attention to [setting `io_oeb[*]` for analog pins](https://web.open-source-silicon.dev/t/14135562/u017x0nm2e7-i-see-digital-io-mprj-io-pins-are-0-to-37-index-#da76de78-afe4-46a4-9daa-ffd132122d6d)
*   Make sure my `oeb`s match the polarity of the intended target. Matt prefers 1=output, Caravel has a mix of 0=out and 1=out. Check this (and *actual* direction) for both LA and IOs.
*   Scour `logs/synthesis/1-synthesis.log` for warnings/errors
*   Look at GDS in KLayout and make sure every pin is wired up sensibly
*   Check CTS
*   Make sure we're using correct directives in `config.tcl`
*   Make sure RESET definitely suspends **all switching**, even if we still have a clock coming in. This is to make sure we don't create noise for other designs on the chip (esp. analog ones).
*   Implement safe reset lock using XOR method via LA.
*   Work out correct clock source. Is it `user_clock2`? Make sure `CLOCK_PORT` and `CLOCK_NET` are set correctly!
*   Check `FP_PIN_ORDER_CFG`
*   No logic in UPW level!
*   Make sure no IO double-ups (typos)
*   Make sure nothing UNassigned... check for all assignments, ranges, counts, even if otherwise unused.
